887 standardise variants (#995)
Dyalog/documentation: language-reference-guide/docs/system-functions/ed.md

If `⎕ED` is called from the Session, it opens Edit windows for the object(s) named in `Y` and immediately returns a null result.  The cursor is positioned in the first of the Edit windows opened by `⎕ED`, but can be moved to the Session or to any other window which is currently open.  The effect is almost identical to using `)ED`.

If `⎕ED` is called from a defined function or operator, its behaviour is different. On asynchronous terminals, the Edit windows are automatically displayed in "full-screen" mode (ZOOMED). In all implementations, the user is restricted to those windows named in `Y`. The user cannot skip to the Session even though the Session might be visible.

In this case, `⎕ED` terminates and returns a result only when the user explicitly closes all the windows for the named objects. The result contains the names of any objects which have been newly (re)fixed in the workspace as a result of the `⎕ED`, and has the same structure as `Y`.

Objects named in `Y` that cannot be edited are silently ignored. Objects qualified with a namespace path are (for example, `a.b.c.foo`) are silently ignored if the namespace does not exist.

## Variant Options

> `⎕ED` supports two variant options, `ReadOnly` and `EditName`, summarised in [](#variantoptionsfored) and described in detail beneath it. There is no principal option.

Reviewer: This does not mention how they are specified – would be nice for this introductory line to be consistent across all the pages (with obvious tweaks for differing values, tables, principal options, etc)

Table: Variant options for `⎕ED` { #variantoptionsfored }

|Variant Option|Valid Values|Default|Effect|
|---|---|---|---|

> |[`ReadOnly`](#variant-option-readonly)|`0` or `1`|`0`|Whether the edit windows are read-only.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[`ReadOnly`](#variant-option-readonly)|`0` or `1`|`0`|Whether the **Edit** windows are read-only.|
```

> |[`EditName`](#variant-option-editname)|`'Default'`, `'Allow'` or `'Disallow'`|`'Default'`|Whether the user can open further edit windows by clicking a name.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[`EditName`](#variant-option-editname)|`'Default'`, `'Allow'`, or `'Disallow'`|`'Default'`|Whether the user can open further **Edit** windows by clicking a name.|
```

### Variant Option: `ReadOnly`

> If `ReadOnly` is set to `1`, the edit window and all edit windows opened from it will be read-only. Note that setting `ReadOnly` to `0` will have no effect if the edit window is inherently read-only due to the nature of its content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `ReadOnly` is set to `1`, the **Edit** window and all **Edit** windows opened from it will be read-only. Setting `ReadOnly` to `0` will have no effect if the **Edit** window is inherently read-only due to the nature of its content.
```

### Variant Option: `EditName`

> The `EditName` option determines whether or not the user can open another edit window by clicking a name, and its values are interpreted as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `EditName` variant option determines whether the user can open another **Edit** window by clicking a name. Its values are interpreted as follows:
```
